- World Through The Mirror of Thought and Language

Tacitly, most of us in the modern world understand our thoughts and ideas as *representing* some reality external to the it. This understanding of how our understanding works of has the effect that splits the world into two broad categories of things, the stuff that *represents* and the stuff that is *represented*. Descartes calls the stuff that represents things *res cogitans*; the stuff that is being represented, he calls *res extensa*. So when we talk about \"the cat on the mat\" the res extensa is the cat itself, in the world, splayed in all its perfect comfort on that mat, over there, by the window, covered in a thin layer of moulted cat fur . The res cogitans are things like the word \"cat\", the idea of the cat, the predicate \'on\', the mental image of the mat and anything that might arise in your mind to represent the scenario.

Res cogitans could be a whole range of things, depending on one\'s ontology (theory of what there is). For Descartes it means mind, as distinct from the material. Res cogitans could be very different things such as the firing pattern of neurons, the content of an immortal, immaterial soul, it could mean or some abstract representational structure (e.g. Fogdor\'s Language of Thought, Hypergrphs)-- basically any thing that might be able to *represent* the world we experience.

Acceptance of this distinction leads to a model for how we understand the world-- lets call this a \"Representationalist Model of Understanding\" (or RMU for short)-- wherein our understanding of the world is mediated through a representational layer (images, data and models etc) and not directly from thing in itself. The way we understand anything is **World** --> **Representation of the World** --> **Our Understanding and Action**

RMU arrises from this distinction as it makes sense to say that res extensa establishes res cogitans and not vice versa, because it makes sense to say that the represented thing establishes the representation and not vice versa. Res cogitans, being closer at hand, is the material through which we build our understanding. But why can\'t we have a direct understanding of res extensa? Because we can and often misrepresent reality, this models accounts for why we misunderstan the world-- through misrepresentation. The res cogitans is the picture through which our understanding is established and our understanding is alwasy of the picture and not the \'thing in itself (as in, res extensa). Kant\'s distinction between the inaccessible *noumena* and the immediate phenomena could be seen as a rehash or refinement of how RMU might work. RMU seems to be baked in as a fundamental assumption in the early modern philosophers\' debates that appears rarely questioned in the anglophone world of philosophy as so much has been built on top of this foundation.

Many perennial problems in philosophy arises from RMU. How do we know we are not in a dream? that we are a brain in a vat? How do we know we are not already in the technological singularity? We don\'t, because you only act in and experience the representation, the entirety of every aspect of your representation could be wrong.
