- Future of Work : White Collar

- White Collar Folks

I am white collar. The salami In the club sandwich of social strata. We are sufferers of a suffering near impossible to empathize with. As a class, we\'ve never had enough solidity to successfully unionize and fight exploitation. We were never brave enough to truly act on the wondrous visions that makes lives great. We don\'t have real capital-- we are driven by the mere promise of it as it passes through our hands each day. We are in climate controlled gleaming offices while our fellow workers risked their lives on coal faces. We can afford a class highball cocktail every now and then at a fancy place, yet we perennially complain that we don\'t earn enough given the kind of crap we have to put up with.

\"How is your crap worse than my crap?\" Says our blue collar compatriots comparing our neat cubicles adorned with happy pictures of family with the trenches they are digging. \"Anyway, What the fuck do you actually do?\" Says those toiling in the mud, fire and grease-- \"We dig the iron out of the ground, we turn it into a car, we change the oil in that fucking car, we serve the coffee that you sip every day, we drive the car that takes you home when you are drunk, we brew the beer that makes you relax and sing,  we built that karaoke booth, make the bubble tea, we even make your toilet paper reams , What the fuck do you actually do?\"

So we try to explain the difference between internal and external auditing, principles of risk analysis and assurance, we try to explain that someone needs to build pipelines for A/B testing so we can make make people stay on a website for longer, we try to explain that someone has to go through pages and pages of case law history to win a copyright case, we try to explain that enterprise IT systems don\'t build themselves (yet), we try to explain that it\'s important to visualize data properly so we can understand our company\'s position in the market place, we try to explain that someone needs to measure and manage people so productivity has a chance of staying high. We try to explain that someone needs to sell the cars you build, someone else needs to come-up with an approved strategy to sell those cars, someone needs to do the approving and someone needs to to approve the approvers.  Accountability! Kaizen! we try to explain why everything needs adequate insurance cover and someone needs to broker that, we try to explain mortgages and derivative financial products, we try to explain how we keep track of credit ratings, we try to explain that someone needs to invest your pension funds with clever algorithms that someone has to write, we try to explain contracts and margins, the difference between net and gross, we try to explain that some one needs to fire people when people need firing, we try to explain... We try to explain that, somehow, *all of this stuff is in some ways holding the world up.*

The working world is created or re-created by us each day. Real efforts are directed towards what we manifest in these offices with our projects, words, power-points and data. If our dreams are of, say, \"effectiveness\", resonates with our bosses\' vision of wealth-- efforts and frustrated battles will ensue in its name. While we are taught to dream for the organisation, and we are told we are valued for our ability to think -- if we try to make some of those thinking real in these organisations, what is visibly presented is just a path made with walls that just seems impossibly exhausting to tear down.

Deep down though, we know, if we even try to take a sledge hammer to just one of these walls, we are going to be either gently or forcibly ushered out and will have to start a fresh elsewhere, where similar path of walls have been built. We know, deep down, that our work is only to hold these power structures up. We are being paid to place more bricks in them, we somehow find some pride in how well filed our work is.

We are schooled in reason, numbers, words, engineering solutions, human culture, human psychology, ecology, value relations, strategy, or a mix of the above. We go in to work with the wonder of our schooling mind, thinking perhaps it\'s time for some of those ideas to thrive (you are sure of it, you see it happening somewhere on the web). Then comes the offensive sexually demeaning slaps on that woman\'s butt that sees a 1920\'s style reaction, and extensive talks of crushing people, blatant simple unkindness, short term profiteering, greed, power struggles, pettiness accompanied by big talks, empty promises, dishonesty, and blindness to all the very real problems a group of people inevitably face. While your job is to make stronger the system that perpetuates all this. You quiet your mind, you prod on, making little changes where you can, making friends, and have chats in hopes of widening thinking, and wham, a crisis, all you\'ve done disappears in a puff of smoke as everyone falls back into the grind. It grinds you down, you move on after 3 years because you are spent there... what do you find? Same walls. Your job, when the dream talks at the honeymoon period settles, is to make those walls stronger.

Something isn\'t quite right, but we can\'t see what we can do about it. We are the powerless gears in the machinery of power. We can\'t fight it because we are it. We are not the wielder of capital that steers it, but the engine that powers it. If we feel that spiritual hollow in the engineering of empty growth, we get no sympathy even from ourselves. Our crap is the real emptiness of being the very creators of the toils we can\'t escape.

With our intellect and hard work, we have fashioned our selves into mighty tools that does little good for much else but perpetuate the same crap. We organised company BBQs to feel a little better. Talk about work place culture and rally for some bean bags. coffee machines and foosball tables at the break room, drink some after work beers, hug the kids to sleep.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

- White Collar Work

White collars are the problem solvers. If we are at war, we are the officers. We order our men into battle, either directly, or through some report. The idea is simple... It makes sense to storm Normandy now according to some information we supposedly trust. We believe it is the way to victory. Your job is to lead your men, across the beach and make sure you and some of them stay alive. Or maybe you are the translation officer that radios German and French language propaganda into people\'s receivers. Maybe manage logistics for the tank corps. The organisation needs someone to do these things. You need to become buddies with your squad, but at the same time the organisation needs to know that every one is going forward onto the beach and firing their shots and throwing grenades while taking every moment that the machine gun gets jammed to move forward even if they die. Except Europe is not at stake, we need to meet the target revenue growth of 20% per annum as we have slowed our growth gradually from 40% in 2014 to last year\'s result of 12%. You and your newly hired white collar friends are the magic sauce, because our profits are 18% shorter then last 2 years projection (based on 40% growth) and we\'ve spent too much.

No the overoptomistic projection is not the problem. You need to get out if  you don\'t believe in this mission.

What would happen if we end the year at 15%? Nothing, you don\'t get bonus maybe... You are not in for these bonuses? Well, how do you feel about a tut tut tut... Maybe you thought you were going to get a pay rise? Forget about that... You gotta at least gun for wage growth that at least bests inflation. You barely have enough mortgage, grocerys, the kid\'s education, occasional binge drinking and video games, don\'t have enough to invest.

Let\'s see how we do this. The market is saturated with people doing what you do... your relationships and reputation and sucking it up to ask for wage increases when you need to is what keeps the wage growth at a relatively safe 12%. You try to define what it is that makes your product or service unique, you are becoming an ultra specialist at some obscure requirement of industry, that\'s what lets you command your

What have you got going? Chaos. Your aim for higher growth only promises more chaos. You\'ve got a plan to rein the chaos in... it looks good, people are high-fiving each other, CEO pulls the trigger. Nothing goes to plan, you are in the fray fixing shit so it appears to still work. You are up at midnight wondering why you are doing this... You tell yourself that this is an opportunity of a life time, if you only pull this off...

People are red eyes and green with jealousy at the moonshot chance you got. They are waiting to see you fail because you show a lack of a full grasp of the people in this organization. You may have some friends here, but what if they got on? 126% workload, with no extra time. They do you a favor or two. You only have enough time to keep up appearances... then you remember being pissed off at your ex-bosses for the superficial effort they subject you to. It\'s Q3, you won\'t hit the mark. You are disappointed, you try to do something else, it\'s a good idea. If you get the go-ahead again, you feel you will burn out. If you don\'t get the go ahead, you know you will question your place in this organisation. Your options:

1.  Give up and cruise, the boring operational stuff gets easy fast.\
2.  You try this else where, it\'s just the culture and time and place, you are, after-all a man of vision.\
3.  You wait till there is another chance.\
4.  You leave the life of a salaryman, start a business while you are still ignorant enough to not be scared.

This repeats. You\'re 50, you wonder what the hell you\'ve done all your life. You\'re better at hitting that target now. You\'ve had to let a few good people go, you wonder what they are doing. You\'ve had some exhilarating times, but most of it is just crap. The world is completely different, apart from this desk in front of you. You are doing the same shit. It\'s just what you know. You\'ve been on a few training courses, you\'ve trained a few people. Everyone does this job this way, you\'ll have the least trouble this way. You still have 20 years till you hit retirement age. Why does a company need to have someone do what you do anyway? You kinda see the point, you kinda don\'t. You don\'t ask why anymore. You show an young lad how to do your job, you suspect there might be redundancies coming, you evaluate your options.

- Imagination

Why do you need accounts payable? Why wouldn\'t it be clear through your organisation\'s daily conduct, who needs to be paid and who doesn\'t? Why do we need this job? Because we can\'t imagine a large organisation paying only the invoices it should without a dedicated team checking it.

Our imagination governs the future. The old man showing you the ropes on a profession is cementing that future. Business schools, magazines and books, is cementing that future. Super yachts, capitalists, banks, financial markets are cementing that future. Governments, industries, lobbyists, media, are cementing that future. The Future of our work life is the form of how we cement our imagination. I would like world peace, but I can\'t imagine it. I would like universal basic income, but I can\'t imagine it. I would like work place equality, but I can\'t imagine it. Instead, we imagine what is the most vivid. What gets presented to us day in and day out... That\'s reality, what we face, we see that it is nothing like our dreams, so we learn to dream like this experience at work.

Sure, there is a reason why something is done a certain way, we use bottom trawling fishing methods because it gets a lot out of the ocean very quickly. There is a reason why management accounting is a profession, people want to know how the business activities tie in with the quantities that we deal with every day.  Once we learn how something is done, our imagination settles on that way. Various industries perpetuates standard practice, Markets keep us trained on maximizing what every. Law keeps us trained on established values. Corporations keep people divided. Anything that contradicts those institutions and the values they represent, faces an uphill battle that we can all imagine. Do we really want to change things so badly? It works... We got cheap fish...

Our imagination does not stray much from what\'s here.

- Future of Work

The future of work will be somewhat like the current status of work, unless enough of us can imagine differently. For the future exists no-where but in our imagination.
