- Why Christchurch.

-- Write about my feeling and experiences of christchurch.

Subtitle: How this small Anglican city completes the story for IMHO the worst to happen on the internet to date.

I live in Christchurch, New Zealand. I grew up here. I was educated at a rural school here, I then went to university here. My kids are born here. My wife and I fell in love here. My family\'s here - Mum, Dad, Brother, nephews, niece, friends. When I am back from overseas, custom officers warmly says \"welcome home\" to me, as I proudly hold the black passport adorned with silver ferns when I go anywhere else in the world. In my stressless moments I am still amazed by this place sometime. The sky is massive here if you walk outside (yes, the sky is bigger here than where I was born for some reason), You are close to the mountains, lakes, hills, snow, and sea. Autumn leaves colour this place right now, in spring the city is bursting with the colour of fresh flowers, long summer days playing outside, cosy winters by the fire.

Few people outside New Zealand know that Christchurch is where [Kate Sheppard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kate_Sheppard) found her platform to establish New Zealand as the first country with universal suffrage. You can get some decent coffee at the small hall where suffragettes use to gather. It\'s a palace where an organisation like [Kilmarnock enterprises](https://www.kilmarnock.co.nz/) can establish root almost 5 decades before the notion of social enterprise comes to being. It\'s a small place with a huge array of strange people doing some strange and interesting things and they somehow get to keep doing it, like the Wizard, and radio Ron (RIP). It\'s where Earnest Rutherford formed his theoretical foundations that led to his Atom spiting. Where community driven projects such as Gap Filler, can breath exciting life into the rubble of the city such that lonely planet made it a top destination when the city centre was still rubble. Other grass roots organisations like science-alive, built an amazing science museum here pre-quake, that rivaled the multi-million dollar government projects for science educations that I\'ve seen in Singapore and Taiwan. And countless other exciting and interesting movements and people that quietly do great things. It\'s a strange place full of weird and wonderful happenings for reasons unknown. There are all sorts of nuanced things about this city and life here that led to these happenings that I hope to be a part of some day.

For now though, the world will know Christchurch, for only 2 things -- The city crumbling in the big shake, and the senseless mass murder of innocents on their sacred day of prayer. Both of these events unfolded in detail through social media (one in its nascent days, another when a lot of the problems are becoming apparent).

The Quakes happened here because we are on the pacific rim. The quaint pre-quake city reminiscent of an Anglican ideal with the slow streams meandering through gardens adorn with neo-gothic buildings takes your mind off the geological violence of the pacific ring of fire. Everyone is far more aware now of the fact that we do not have the geology of the British isles, even though this place once looked like an idylic english town. The future story of the city will be shaped by this quake. It was tragic, everyone is still getting through it, there are still insurance claims unresolved, the city isn\'t fully rebuilt yet, it\'s future is still uncertain. If we were to ask Why- we had underestimated the extent of quake damage that could happen in this city. We assumed it would be the alpine fault that causes the quake, we didn\'t brace old masonary building facades we didn\'t have fully quake safe buildings and too many unsafe buildings were still in use after the december quakes. Nothing specific about the city could be said. Most cities, unless frequented by quakes arn\'t prepared for such an event.

The mosque shootings , however, was part of a plan that has taken 2 years. Whether conscious or unconsciously reasoned, a lot of decisions were made by the shooter. He cared about this as a story, on the world stage, a story that he obviously sees Christchurch as a part of. Having a deep connection to this city as an immigrant, It makes sense to me that this was the place he chose.

Prime-minister\'s Ardern\'s theory was that we were picked precisely because we were a peaceful country where something like this is unexpected. That is a part of it, this was the first reaction from my Iranian friend, who prayed at Al Noor Mosque before moving to Melborne, who lost many close friends that day. He could not beleive such a thing could happen in such a peaceful country. This is widely accepted. Chinese tourism to New Zealand has risen for this reason, Tourists percieve NZ as a safe and friendly place, massacring people here would maximise the shock. Other things like the relative ease by which to obtain firearms, and relatively uncommon presence of gun for self defence purposes means he can obtain guns legitmatly, and use without risking armed retaliation. The musim community feels relatively safe here because of that perception, and is totally unprepared for this sort of aggression.

Others note the history of white supremacy here the prim

My dad moved here, because it was friendly place where people greet each other on the streets when you walk pass each other. Truckies drive to each other on the roads, our neibours would hola hello across the street, and bring scones.
