---
aliases:
  - "Sunday 2023-10-15"
full_date: "Sunday 2023-10-15"
---

# 📅 Sunday 2023-10-15 in [[Week/2023-W41]] of [[00 Periodic/Month/2023 October]]

##  🖋️ Log
- {}
- #journal {}
- #note {}
- {09:17} at Vangi's with the laptop tidying up [[Note System]] ✅ 2023-10-15
- a bit sad but think I won't be happy till I have all the notes in a nice place.
- so I should just go from the top down, get a more sense of progress
- there is about 450 of the notes and 450 of the dailys.
- the numbers are manageable
- {11:00} eat some more food and drink some coffee ✅ 2023-10-15
- #journal {11:31} played [[Griftlands]] #game for an hour. Felt kind of guilty given the mess, but also needed it.
- #journal {11:36} left the sandwitch press on! have been doing it too many times.
- #journal {11:42} having my 3rd cup of #coffee
- #journal {11:44} I like having the [[30 Resources/Reference/Keychron C1]] with [[Asus Vivo Book 14 Pro]] setup on the hall way buffet when I am doing things it means I can keep my mind in check with the notes etc. when I am doing stuff in the louge and kitchen
- {10:30}->{12:31} [[Luca]] @ Maia's birthday with [[Lil]] and [[Dylan]]
- {11:46}->{12:28}tidy up the kitchen ✅ 2023-10-15
- clear the dishes ✅ 2023-10-15
- load the dishwasher ✅ 2023-10-15
- #journal {12:33} I actually really like just pluging the computer into [[30 Resources/Reference/Keychron C1]] and just working on my lap. it feels more like the Rold Dalh setup where he gets encloised by his writing system. It does help with #focus
- {12:30}->{15:10} go to [[Ma]] and [[Ba]]'s to do our [[Wills]] ✅ 2023-10-15

## 🎯 Today
- [ ] {}
- [ ] {}->{}
- [ ] continue sorting the [[Note System]]
- [ ] Continue tidying the kitchen
- [ ] wipe the bench tops
- [ ] sort out the tags in the [[Note System]]
- [ ] clear yesterday's tasks and move them to the right place
- [ ] sort out the jars
- [ ] install [[CasaOS]] on the outside laptop
- [ ] refill supliments pill box, and keep them at the drawer

## 📥 Todos Noted
- [ ] #task weed the big weeds up front 🆔 garden-20231015 ⏳ 2023-10-15

# 📝 Due/ Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before yesterday) OR (scheduled before tomorrow)
short mode
```
