---
aliases:
  - "Thursday 2023-02-09"
full_date: "Thursday 2023-02-09"
---

# 📅 Thursday 2023-02-09 in [[Week/2023-W06]] of [[00 Periodic/Month/2023 February]]

##  🖋️ Log
- 09:34 Slept over at ma and bas, didn't get much sleep
- The drive into town was horrendously time consuming
- get the house aired ✅ 2023-02-09
- 10:12 Aired the house out
- get site establishment implimented ✅ 2023-02-09
- do a round of washing ✅ 2023-02-09
- #journal 10:28 Not doing the [Interstitial journaling](../pages/interstitial journaling.org) very well, I should journal when journalling, and do work when working. It should just occupy the time in between pomodoros and tasks
- make some notes about [Interstitial journaling](../pages/Interstitial journaling.org) ✅ 2023-02-09
- #journal 10:55 Get a propper start on the Journalling
- Plan Tasks to get done today ✅ 2023-02-09
- Get started on a pomodoro ✅ 2023-02-09
- first pom sort out the back dated tasks. ✅ 2023-02-09
- #note after this planning pom, only note in the breaks. Update yourself on what's happend each break. #[[Interstitial journaling]]
- setup Kathryn and Holly as different email accounts holly\@enviflo ✅ 2023-02-09
- 1.  trello
- 2.  xero
- 3.  google chat
- #journal {11:10} I need to stay calm when I am doing productivity things. I tend to get racy and panicky #note
- still doing the above, but need to get back into the code soon
- #journal {11:29} Want to get the automations out of the way. They kind of bother me for some reason
- Forgot to do the pomodoro
- When a report has been sent to customer for 3 weeks, label it as ready to send to eqc ✅ 2023-02-09
- if it\'s been in the 'to eqc' list for 6 weeks move to the next column \'Needs Followup\' ✅ 2023-02-09
- trigger QA on subcontractor jobs a week after it\'s been assigned to a subcontractor ✅ 2023-02-09
- 11:56 took longer than supposed to setup the above, have to keep it going
- 12:28 Only just finished the automations does not feel good for some reason.
- Need to move on the the main stuff I sense
- Get the subcontract generator finished \#[[Enviroflow App]] ✅ 2023-02-09
- finish the generated contract ✅ 2023-02-09
- Split the generated subcontract into two types: ✅ 2023-02-09
- #note main thing is to have rates applied to the quantities
- CANCELED Write the generated data to Deta
- CANCELED be able to load the Deta Data into reports
- fix problem with Hasse Marshall rates not loading ✅ 2023-02-09
- 12:58
- Finish the the Subcontract Generator
- Anything booked in 3 weeks time. automated email to the home owner please get in touch ✅ 2024-06-20 ✅ 2023-02-09
- Reminder of booking a PM will reach out closer to the time let us know if any issues #Enviroflow-app
- a reminder to info\@enviroflo if that email isn\'t able to be sent
- Think I will need to do this with [Google Appsheet](../pages/google appsheet.org)

## 🎯 Today
- No tasks for today

## 📥 Todos Noted
- No todos noted

# 📝 Due/ Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before yesterday) OR (scheduled before tomorrow)
short mode
```
