---
id: "2025-02-05"
aliases: []
tags: []
---
# 📅 Wednesday 2025-02-05 in [[2025-W06]] of [[2025 February]]

## 🎯 Today

### @🏭

### @🏡

## ⏩ Next

## ✨ Now

## 📓 Log

- [x] tidy the kitchen
  - [[Lil]] ended up doing this.
- [~] 14:30 Pick up Luca and Lil, didn't happen, Dylan was too sick
- [x] 13:56 cook lunch
- [x] 13:30 someone is picking up plum
- 13:00 #journal I am feeling a bit frantic. This journaling is a lot of work but I think it helps me be more grounded
  - #journal I get a bit anxious when the computer is not plugged in and I am working on it. But the battery life is so good these days. We can get around 5 hours of work on it without having to worry, and realistically that's enough time. [x] Scoob is was still a guest on the board, not sure why, Kerry called and I had to remove him from those [x] tie the fruit picker to the broom. It seems like the riper plums are a bit further up 11:59 #journal I think I have gotten a few things done, but the state of the house is an absolute terror for me
  -#note I quite like setting up the [[Asus Vivo Book 14 Pro]] laptop in above the cubby hole as a simple standing setup. I feel like this is a commanding position for doing stuff around the house. Where I feel less like I will let the responsibilities drop when I am doing stuff around the house. Maybe create this kind of setup for me when we do the [[2025 Renovation]]
  - [x] wash the chicken's water feeder
  - [x] Hang the washing
  - [x] remove Scoob from the system
- 11:37 I have been all over the place, as ADHD as can be.
  - [x] Sort out the day while I drink coffee

## 📜 Scheduled From Elsewhere

```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(text,this.file.name) and !completed and !checked
GROUP BY file.name
```
