---
id: 2025-09-19
aliases: []
tags: []
---

# 📅 Friday 2025-09-19 in [[2025-W38]] of [[2025 September]]

##  🖋️ Records
- [x] 08:30 - 09:45 [[Luca]]'s IEM
	-  [[Luca Diaries]] -> I feel like Luca is doing well at school
- [x] 10:00 - 11:10 Feed [[Lil]], [[Me]] and give the kids something healthy
- [x] 11:20 - 12:10  Set-out what I want to do today
- [x] 12:50 - 13:00 update computer
	- [[Omarchy]] 3 is the release that I've updated to. Seems like [[ghostty]]  support is included. [release notes](https://github.com/basecamp/omarchy/releases/tag/v3.0.0) But requires Ghostty 1.3
	- [x] Reboot after Omarchy update
- [x] 12:15 - 12:45  Cook for [[Dylan]] and [[Luca]]
	- [x] Make pineapple pizza for Dylan
	- [x] make cheese pizza for Luca and Dylan
	- [x] 13:30 - 13:47 maybe make a mushroom pizza for Dylan if he is still hungry
- [x] 13:49 eat more food
- [x] 14:20 get some more stimulants in
- [x] 15:00 - 15:45 Catch up with [[Ba]] about the geeky stuff
- [x] #task get my settings on my [[Asus Vivo Book 14 Pro]] up to scratch ⏳ 2025-09-19 ✅ 2025-09-19
	- [x] 13:00 - 13:30 Setup [[Brave Browser]]
		- [x] install
		- [x] add to sync chain
		- [x] check that my search setup has been synced too
			- it seems that doesn't get synced.
		- [x] change default browser for [[Omarchy]] to brave
		- [x] configure search options
			- [x] default to perplexity
			- [x] google I'm feeling lucky as an option
	- [>] 15:45 - 16:00 #task 👉Setup [[ghostty]] as default Terminal
		- Motivation: Ligatures,  modern architecture, maybe eventually multiplexing built right in 
		-  [[Omarchy]] supports [[Kitty]] and [[ghostty]] by default now.  But requires Ghostty 1.3 or later. Which isn't what is in the arch repo. Wait for a while setup kitty instead.
		- [x] 16:00 - 16:30 setup [[Kitty]] in [[Omarchy]]  instead. I have my kitty conf in my [[Chezmoi]]  repo already
		- [x] 16:30 - 16:40 install Atuin
- [x] 14:00 - 15:00 Drop the kids off to [[Ma]] and [[Ba]]'s for Chinese Class
- [x] 16:40- 17:10 fix issues with configs after changes
- [x] 17:20 - 18:10 Go for a run with [[Lil]]
- [x] 18:20 - 19:20 Play with nano banana around dinner 
- [x] 20:51 - 21:20  Use [[Gemini]]'s [[Nano Banana]] to hang up the pictures behind me
	- it actually still faces large amount of problems. 
## ⌛✨ Now  
- [ ] Revisit my old thesis, with the help of [[NotebookLM]] and [[Google Gemini]]
## 🎯 Goals and 📬 Inbox

- [ ] setup [[GLM-45]] on this computer and make a note of the setup
	- [ ] install Claude code
	- [ ] setup env-vars for keys
- [ ] Get [[Atuin]] Key from [[Super-Tofu]] (Last hope for Atuin sync )
- [x] eat some Buproprion
- [ ] #task get my [[Obsidian]] setup to a state where I can trust that it will help me figure out my world and help me stay calm in the landscape of my thining and doing :🔽  ⏳ 2025-09-19
	- [x] #task sort out the files in my vault manually ✅ 2025-09-22
		- [x] #task Prune and tidy up notes manually I think I still need to go over what is going on ✅ 2025-09-21
	- [ ] Get a good system going for tracking tasks. I have not really decided on how I would do this yet.
	- I have been tasking [[AI]] with sorting out my note. But I think doing YOLO tasks like that with something as personal as my notes will never do
- [x] #task go through the AuDHD School Html Generated by [[GEMINI]] ✅ 2025-09-21
- [ ] Learn [[Mise]] and maybe write a runner to restore my settings
## 📅 Scheduled
- 👇 Check the below for things that might be scheduled else-where 

# 📝 Due/  Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before tomorrow) OR (scheduled before tomorrow)
short mode
```
