---
id: Daily
aliases: []
tags: []
---

# 📅 Thursday 2025-01-23 in [[2025-W04]] of [[2025 January]]

# 🎯 Today

# ✨Now

# 📓 Log

- 16:05 #journal, I have not really even got started doing the things I was meaning to do
- [x] 16:05 Explain December to [[Ryan Gebbie]], it appears he is still worried. [[Enviroflow|enviroflow]]  
- [x] 14:40 Close irrelevant opened tabs
- 14:31 #journal Andy from work came in to talk about what's happened with Sheila, his wife that he's separated from for a couple of years. She took a man home and was sleeping with him in the room next to his teenage daughter without adequately preparing her for it. He is hit pretty hard it seems.
- [x] 13:22 install [[Gleam]], #note should try this sometime, it's basically what I have been waiting for.
- [x] 13:13 remap [swap windows](https://vi.stackexchange.com/questions/3725/swap-the-position-of-two-windows) key on [[LazyVim]] setup
  - turns out this isn't needed, as there is already a binding for doing that, i.e. `<leader>sx`, which is fine
- [x] 12:55 make and eat lunch
- [x] 11:31 ended up spending too much time revisiting [[Logseq]] after looking at and updating the [[Obsidian]] note.
  - #note should spend some time tidying up the notes, it does help me feel more settled about my mental mess.
  - [x] Enable random note plugin in [[Obsidian]] maybe edit one Random Note a day.
  - [x] fix the note on [[Tauri]] just to get a sens of it
  - [x] update sqlmodel notes

- [x] 10:43 sort out the clutter on the computer desktop
  - [x] close tabs
    - [x] update notes on mypy  
    - [x] compare [[Obsidian]] and [[Logseq]] again, and note it down
    - [x] 12:10 update notes on [[Obsidian]] callouts
  - [x] #journal had a slight issue with [[30 Resources/Reference/Keychron V8]]'s didn't know the hardware toggle has been switched,  

- [x] 10:11 return the SUP to [[Paul Strangwick]]
  - [x] get a beer to thank him  
- [x] 10:18 sort Tua out with his google drive access
  - [[Ryan Gebbie|Ryan]] had setup a gmail account for Tua but Tua didn't know the password.

# 📜 Scheduled From Elsewhere

```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(text,this.file.name) and !completed and !checked
GROUP BY file.name
```
