---
id: Daily
aliases:
  - Sunday 2025-06-08
tags:
  - daily
---

# 📅 Sunday 2025-06-08 in [[Week/2025-W24]] of [[Month/2025 June ]]

## 🎯 Today

### Maybe

# ⏩ Next


## ✨ Now

- [x] take a nap

## 📓 Log

- [x] move Moshi home
- after paining
  - [x] move the piano back
    - [x] cut the caster feet, maybe pry it out
  - [x] move the couch in place
- [x] bring the boxes out to the studio


- [x] paint the skirting
  - [x] Tape
  - [x] primer
  - [x] colour coat
  - [[Lil]] ended up doing 

- [x] catch up on my day in the plans and logs
- [x] make lunch for the kids
- 11:13 #note instead of goals use the notion of intention for broader level categorisation of tasks.
- 10:34 #journal woke up at 5 this morning and had a  good chat with [[Lil]] about zen and mindfulness practice. It was good revelation we came to that I'm likely to lose. I think by this time of the day I have lost a good majority of that feeling of understanding what the issue has been for me. It was stemming from Lil reading Thic Nhat Hahn and reflecting upon our troubles, shared or not.

  - had a good giggle about the Buddhist's one trick solution of
    - 1. Returning to the breath, or centred
    - 2. one answer, it's OK

- Made some good connection about how to stay centred.
  - it's a bit like me enjoying my wandering around that, I should just apply that to all the situations
    - I like my wandering walking both in nature and in cities, for some fairly Zen reasons. The steps ground me, and the aimlessness leaves me open to absorbing the world and feeling that connection, which I deeply need. We discovered that maybe we can approach regular life in that way, like an aimless wandering, making connections to the moment, maybe all I need to do is reconnect to the moment, center myself and leave things open.
    - I tried to articulate that I can't seem to impliment plans in life because, unlike work projects, there is no boundedness to my existance. I want to leave it open like this free and easy wandering. The issues I have with plans applied to life is:
      - 1. it can never pan out as expected
      - 2. my life does not have closed goals like a project, my existance is not a project
      - 3. nothing gets done without a plan
      - 4. I have trouble following plan even if they should work (maybe ADHD)
        to which [[Lil]] it's ok if it doesn't work out
      - when the plans don't work out and you have the frustration bubble up taste the bubble and observing it and accept that moment. Be one with. Think about the tangerine slice story from Thic Nhat Hahn. (it will be gone tomorrow.)

- **Mitre 10 shop**
  - [x] buy primer
  - [x] buy carpet cleaner
  - [x] get bucket

## 📜 Scheduled From Elsewhere

```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(text,this.file.name) and !completed and !checked
GROUP BY file.name
```
