---
aliases:
  - Friday 2025-09-05
full_date: Friday 2025-09-05
coffee(cups): "1"
ritalin sr (mg): "10"
ritalin fa (mg): "20"
buproprion (mg): "150"
tea(cups):
template_ver: "1"
---

# 📅 Friday 2025-09-05 in [[Week/2025-W36]] of [[2025 September]]

## 📓 Log
- [x] 8:10 - 9:15 drop the kids off 
- 09:30 #journal [[Luca]] is having D&D at school today. He has been excited about that for a while
- 09:35 #journal I have been feeling a bit out of sorts 
- [x] 09:27 - 10:00 plan the day, have a coffee and settle into your day. 
- [x] 9:30 - 10:13 progress with getting LLMs to help me sort out my notes . Planning using sst's opencode.
- [x] 10:04 - 10:20 cook Lil some food. 
	- made eggs on toast with a side of salad
-  10:21 - 10:30  #journal  I am feeling flusttered. I think this journalling is helping. Feeling like planning forward is a bit impossible with my mind, I need to structure the now to get things to go into a flow. should look into that a bit more
	- [i] #task research more into what AuDHD minds need to organise tasks, it seems like most traditional methods of organizing and planning does not work for us. it's almost like doing those things is effectivley kind of masking for us. Need to think about this more deeply
- 10:30 #journal  I have adjusted how I am doing the daily log there is too much uncessary headings in them. should just be a timeline of my mind as the day goes along. 
- 10:33 #journal some tasks occured to me today. fit them into a time. Which is the system I need to develop for my life to work the way I need it to. I need to be able to trust that I will get the below done in a timely manner to such a degree that I can let it go from the moment when I drop it done on a page
	- [x] #task plant the sprouted potatoes ✅ 2026-02-23
	- [ ] sort out the fridge
	- [ ] sort out the pantry
	- [ ] make a more structured dry larder list
- [x] 10:20 continue with sorting out my note system with the help of AI
	- Still not quite working that well. I think I might need Gemini back to do it manually
- [x] 10:52 - 11:20 Take a break, head too busy
	- had a good catchup with Lil. some good laughs. I don't do this enough, what's with the stress
- [x] 11:25 - 12:32jj instruct open code to sort out my notes for me manaully
- 12:28 #journal this whole prosess sorting out the notes hasn't worked as well as I thought. I need to not rush with instructions. and be clear about what to do and how to proceed especially if I am jumping between multiple agents. the lack of yolo mode in opencode is a bit of a bummer 
- [x] 12:00 -12:32 reset the kitchen bit by bit
- [x] 12:40 - 13:30 get the Odyssey rechecked.
## ✨ Now
- [x] #task manually reorganize my notes where I can. Move the files to the right place ✅ 2026-02-18
	- it was a pretty big failure getting the 
## 🎯 Rough Plan
- [ ] mow the front lawn
- [ ] feed the chickens·
- [ ] wipe the floor
-  Create an Obsidian Base for 
- [x] #task [[Super Market]] shop. 
	- [x] baking soda
	- [x] moshi food
	- [x] cos lettuce
	- [x] pepperoni
	- [x] milk
	- [x] bread
	- [x] cheese rice crackers
	- [x] muesli bars
	- [x] apple
	- [x] gold kiwifruit
	- [x] mandarins
	- [x] pasta sauce
	- [x] tomato tins
	- [x] tuna
	- [x] nude chips $2
	- [x] corn
	- [x] frozen spinach 
	- [x] eggs
	- [x] feta
	- [x] canned pineapple rings
	- [x] hot smoked salmon
	- [x] rolled oats 
	- [x] potatoes
	- [x] kumara
	- [x] pumpkin
## 🔮 Future
- [ ] 
# 📝 Due/  Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before tomorrow) OR (scheduled before tomorrow)
short mode
```



