---
aliases:
  - Monday 2025-09-15
full_date: Monday 2025-09-15
coffee(cups): 1
ritalin sr (mg):
ritalin fa (mg):
buproprion (mg): 150
metformin: true
tea(cups):
ma's chi drink (sachet)):
Multi-Vites: true
template_ver: 4
---

# 📅 Monday 2025-09-15 in [[2025-W38]] of [[2025 September]]

##  🖋️ Records
- 09:44 #journal Feeling quite out of sorts today.  A lot of things going through my head without me properly dealing with them. I think that's gone on for too long. Definitely have some mental trauma to work out. Need to get the body in better shape before I head down into a vicious cycle again. 
- [x] 09:17-10:30 Sort my head out for the day 
	- [x] Get a coffee.
	- [x] write out some thoughts it will help
	- 09:55 definitely got distracted a fair bit. Have to forgive myself for being out of sorts 
	- [x] Have another look at Cursor
		- my mind keeps drawing me to just wander in the space of AI in unhelpful ways
	- I think the way multi screens work in hyprland is very confusing for me. I am at the same time not confident that I have the 
	- [x] add more python info to the starship prompt
- [x] 10:30-10:50 Get the development environment into a more fluid state
- [x] 10:50 - 11:20 move the Jobs to check in to the right trello list
- 11:23 #journal I have to live with my mind instead of fighting it. I have spent too long  
- [x] 11:30 - 12:40 👉  I should just accept my brain, in that if the workflow grates me in a certain way. I can never proceed.
	- [x] change browser. Ungoogled Chromium does not support settings sync and I do need it
		- [[Omarchy]] since [[2025-09 -10]] allows you to change the default browser with xdg-settings 
		- [x] change the default search mode to google's ai search
	- [x] Get the code base working on the Omarchy setup at work
		- [x] get secrets.toml
		- [x] get xero secrets in config.py
		- [x] build venv
		- [x] build project
- [x] 12:40 - 12:50 test run the sync script
- [x] 12:50 - 13:00 test run the xero app
- [x] 13:30 - 14:10 Consultation with the doctor about Diabetes
- [x] 15:40 - 16:10  tidy up the projects table.
- [x] 16:10 - 16:20 Add this week's job to check to the tabels
- [x] 16:30 - 17:00 Fix cost table date parsing on [[Enviroflow App]]
- [x] 17:10 - 17:40 add sales table to data base in the sync pipeline
- [x] 15:20 - 17:53 #task Update Data on [[Enviroflow Data Reports]] 2025-09-15 ⏳ 2025-09-15 ✅ 2025-09-17
	- [x] on [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/ULjUjr93/nhc-workflow), move this week's report job to 'Andrew Checking'
	- [x] Sync data on [[Enviroflow App]]
		- [x] Update last week's Quote data on the xero part of the enviroflow app
			- [x] Transform data and load into DB
		- [x] Sync project data
		- [x] Sync labour data
	- [x] Add the list of jobs to this week to the [Spread Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-c_VsrnmDK7eOB3pRxjTP0f2v0qFanpFomNuZJktDoU/edit?gid=45459369#gid=45459369)
	- [x] #task update spreadsheet data from database ✅ 2025-09-25
		- [x] project
		- [x] #task Labour ⏳ 2025-09-16 ✅ 2025-09-17
		- [x] Quotes Data
	- [x] update spreadsheet data from xero reports
		- [x] Sales
		- [x] Costs
## ⌛✨ Now  

## 🎯 Goals and 📬 Inbox
- [x] Get the base update for the project reports
## 📅 Scheduled
- 👇 Check the below for things that might be scheduled else-where 

# 📝 Due/  Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before tomorrow) OR (scheduled before tomorrow)
short mode
```



