---
aliases:
  - Wednesday 2025-10-08
full_date: Wednesday 2025-10-08
coffee(cups): 1
ritalin sr (mg): 38
ritalin fa (mg): 1
buproprion (mg): 150
metformin:
tea(cups): 4
ma's chi drink (sachet):
Multi-Vites: true
template_ver: 4
drug effect: I think I may have had too much stimulants, feeling a bit out of sorts. I used the old Ritalin from Krystal. The dosage may be too high
---

# 📅 Wednesday 2025-10-08 in [[Week/2025-W41]] of [[Month/2025 October ]]

##  🖋️ Log
- [x] 07:30 - 08:00 Make lunch and breakfast for the kids, 
- [x] 07:00 - 07:30 Start intermittent fasting.
	- [x] install the simple app again
	- [x] 12:44 End first fast 16/8 Fast
- [x] 08:10 - 09:00 Drop the kids off to school
- [x] 09:10 - 09:30 Pick up the protein powder 
- [x] Checked Christchurch weather forecast for today
- [x]  10:00 - 12:30 Create a launch default layout command for hyprland that will let me launch things as I want it.
	- #journal that is how I want to do things. the order I need to  I think. Very hard to explain this to  [[Lil]]. I need to build a sanctuary to return to each time. 
	- [x] debug the launch script so it behaves the way I want
- [x] 12:45 - 13:30 Make and eat Lunch
	-  The konjak noodles from china has definitely got very little konjak
- [x] 13:30 - 14:10 Rest properly (feel overwhelmed)
- [x] 14:20 - 14:50 Catch up with time logging today, to reduce the overwhelm 
	- #journal [[LIl]] has given me the whole day to get my shit sorted I think 
	-  14:42 #journal haven't done a few of the things I would like to do yet. But have started a whole tonne
	- 14:45 #journal as a rule of thumb, I think the order I do things should extend out step by step from where I am at currently. Location, emotion, motivation, ease, fun,  all considered. do what is best for me right here and now.  There will be no confusions this way.

- [x] 15:00 - 15:30 Clear the workspace (put everything around you away.)
	- I cleared the box of stuff to bring to the outside world, Now I am looking around me to see if there is anything distracting. Remove those first, (I am at the lounge workstation)
	- so there are things I missed, like the iron on patch that is supposed to be ironed and added to the harrison bloy hat. noticing that in after I have moved the box out made me feel disproportionately disappointed
	- [x] #task move the washing basket ✅ 2026-02-24
		- I hate this broken washing basket. 
		- I think I will use it outside instead of here.\
		- put the patch and anything else I find there.
		- [ ] collect stuff for the outside world and move it outside
		- [ ] include a quick tidy up of the cubby hole. it's been bothering me.
		- [x] Put the shopping bag in the odyssey.
	- [x] Clear the table, it is in my field of view
		- 15:19 wiped the switch while I was putting it away. and I do feel less panicky. Feels like this method of working from near to far kind of works. 
		- include the lounge coffee table
		- [x] wipe the tables
		- 15:25 #journal Even though this approach seems to be working, it feels super slow and I find myself loosing patience with me . I need to work on my patience. Also this is be
- 16:47 #journal Felt a bit chaotic for the last hour or so, just because my plans had to change -> [[AuDHD]]
------
- [x] #task 15:42 👉Tidy the kitchen (have to do this when I am back) ✅ 2026-02-24
	- I can't go down this line as planned. didn't think clearly enough 
	- [x] 15:45 - 16:15 heatup mushroom soup and make toast for me and [[Lil]]
			- 15:52 #journal I feel shockingly overwhelmed when everyone got home. I think that I just have too much in mind most of the time.
	- [x] 18:30 - 18:57 #task Clear the dishes ✅ 2025-10-08  [[Lil]] did it. 
	- [x] Clear the sink
	- [x] Clear the cooktop
	- [x] 19:00 - 19:10  Cook Rice [[Lil]] did that too. 
	- 19:05 #journal I feel a panic and rage at myself. I want to hide. I can't seem to feel any sense of self worth. 
	- [x] 19:10 - 19:30 wash the cast iron things and put them away
	- [x] 19:00 - 19:40 fill the green bin with weeding and a bit of lawn mowing
	- [x] 19:40 - 20:10 Make and eat a filling dinner
	- [x] 22:50 - 23:00 do some laundry
	- [x] 22:20 - 22:50 shower and get ready for bed
		- #journal  couldn't find undies at all. nothing is working the way I need it to. Every little thing is freaking broken. 
	
## ⌛✨ Now  
-     apply that rule of thumb in the journal entry above, and see how it works
- 👉
----

- [ ] Update the Week
	- [x] Setup reminders plugin on obsidian
	- [ ] link to google calendar so calendar events are shown
	- [ ] add [[ Aikido]] to the weekly plan every wednesday at 16:30 - 18:20 
- [ ] Update dotfiles so I have a definitive settings that works with omarchy
- [ ] Get dinner going
- [ ] Take out the Rubbish
## 🎯 Goals and 📬 Inbox
**Goals Today**
- [ ] **Main:** 👉 get to a place of calm for myself and try to understand it and stay there.
- [ ] Tidy up the deck
	- [ ] sweep the floor
	- [ ] reset the planters
- [ ] Plant the spouted peas
- [ ] Mow the back lawn
	- [ ] do the edging
**Do if Space**
- [ ] find my slippers
- [ ] Figure out how to cook [[Celeriac]]
- [ ] Figure out what whether, when I do the [[72hr Fast]] whether I should take metformin or not
	- [ ] while you're at it. lookup effects of ritaline
	- [ ] look up buproprion too

## 📅 Scheduled
- [ ] #task Iron the iron on patch to the harrisson bloy bucket hat (the hat is in the garage, the patch is in my cubby hole as of the day this is written ⏳ 2025-10-13
- 👇 Check the below for things that might be scheduled else-where 
# 📝 Due/  Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before yesterday) OR (scheduled before yesterday)
short mode
```




