---
aliases:
  - Friday 2025-09-12
full_date: Friday 2025-09-12
coffee(cups): 1
ritalin sr (mg):
ritalin fa (mg): 10
buproprion (mg): 150
tea(cups):
ma's chi drink (sachet)):
template_ver: 3
Multi-Vites: true
---

# 📅 Friday 2025-09-12 in [[2025-W37]] of [[2025 September]]

##  🖋️ Records
- 8:00-10:30 #journal [[AuDHD]]  have a had an [[Autistic Shutdown]] should probably improve my understanding of this. Froze for an hour and an half at least because I got super overwhelmed by leaving in the morning 
- [x] 11:20-11:33 update [[20 Areas/Routine/Daily]] template with versioning. now 0.1.1. Shifted orders of properties, and added back the now part. 
- 11:41 #journal thought today was yesterday
- [x] 11:44 - 12:00 Reset yourself so you can do better in the afternoon. 
	- [x] finish eating toast
	- [x] finish eating grapefruit
- [x] #task Mow the front lawn ⏳ 2025-09-12 ✅ 2025-09-12
	- [ ] Line Trim the Edgd
- [x] add multi vitamins and vitamin D to daily template
- [x] 12:00 - 12:48 Start Tidying up the [[Kitchen]]
	- [x] get a rough plan to get started
	- [x]  Pack the rice away.
		- 12:11 #sidetracked still haven't finished putting the rice away
- [x] Finish Cleaning the coffee machine and put it back together. 
- [x] 👉 prep lunch
- [x] Clear kitchen top
	- [[Lil]] Did this 
	- only use the dining table for sorting out the stuff 
- [x] Put potatoes out to the garage.  
- 15:42 #journal had a 
- [x] Empty and Wipe Down the Fridge
	- [x] Put Fresh Stuff away
	- [x] Restock where appropriate, 
	- [x] put stuff away that does not need refridgeration
- [x] Give Ma a Pumkin
- [x] Give Ba a keyboard
## ⌛✨ Now  

- [ ] Empty and Wipe down the Freezer
	- [ ] Put stuff that isn't so needed outside.
- [ ] Sort out the pantry,
- [ ] Sort out the Flavour Cabinet
- [ ] get in touch with the spsychologist to 
- [ ] wipe coffee table and put it away
## 🎯 Goals and 📬 Inbox
- [x] #task mow the back lawn ⏫ ⏳ 2025-09-13 ✅ 2025-09-13
- [ ] Glue the broken Sunglasses back  #this_week 
- [x] #task Get Airators from [[Hardware Store]] ⏳ 2025-09-18 ✅ 2025-10-24

# 📝 Due/  Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before tomorrow) OR (scheduled before tomorrow)
short mode
```



