---
id: Daily
aliases:
  - daily template
tags:
  - template
  - daily
---

# 📅 Saturday 2025-01-25 in [[2025-W04]] of [[2025 January]]

# 🎯 Today

# ✨ Now

# 📓 Log

- [x] 19:10 cook dinner. Dylan wants inari sushi.
  - Lil already cooked rice. I think
  - finish the soup
- 17:27 #journal Got a nice souvlaki from Ilam BBQ, [[Lil]]] ate half of it though, bought stuff from Eden's Harvest, Kosco and the fish and chip shop as well. Felt a little bit like a weekend until we got home. Somehow being in this space without acting on things creates bad feelings. Basically I think I can never relax at home. Lil feels like we got to get somewhere all the time. I think, to some baseline level of comfort that keeps shifting. After getting home I have:
  - [x] vacuum the study
  - [x] vacuum the rest of the house
  - [x] put the frozen stuff away
  - it's almost 18:00 now I will need to cook dinner soon. I think [[Dylan]], especially, will be hungry. We haven't even cleared the table from [[Luca]]'s fish and chips yet.
  - sometimes I feel like neurotypical folks operate on a double standard. One standard for themselves and another for others. Not sure how fair that feeling is though.
- [x] 18:18 Mow the Lawn
  - [x] did some minor weeding, feels like it will be the most rewarding of the tasks I can do
  - I've let the chickens out to scratch around a bit, they are enjoying it.
- [x] 16:20 check out the bed from redwood
- [x] 13:41 cleared the study of clutter
  - [x] Setup bluetooth connection for the speakers there.

# 📜 Scheduled From Elsewhere

```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(text,this.file.name) and !completed and !checked
GROUP BY file.name
```
