---
aliases:
  - "Thursday 2025-10-02"
full_date: "Thursday 2025-10-02"
coffee(cups):
ritalin sr (mg):
ritalin fa (mg):
buproprion (mg):
metformin:
tea(cups):
ma's chi drink (sachet):
Multi-Vites:
template_ver: 4
drug effect:
---
## 🌤️ Weather
- **Temperature**: 1°C - 10°C
- **Conditions**: Sprinkles, Cloudy
- **Precipitation chance**: 5%
- **Wind**: 7 km/h from N
- **Details**: Light sprinkles possible, cloudy conditions throughout the day

# 📅 Thursday 2025-10-02 in [[Week/2025-W40]] of [[Month/2025 October ]]

##  🖋️ Log
-  [[Lil]] likes my tofu salad lots. she thinks it's the savoury yeast
- [[Dylan]]: -  names of sugars and their chemical structure
	- History of the Western civilization.
		- Anxcient Roman history
		- European History
		- American History.
- in the summer holidays, produce 3 things
- we need to show him the set of skills and habits he needs to have in order to go to aotawhiti

## ⌛✨ Now  
- [ ] 👉what do you think was important about doing those excercisesl, or was it not really important to do them and why.
	- important: 
		- because theory is useful
		- it will make me a better pianist
			- if my rock band music sheet says to play a Dm7dimm doing this practice will help me just know exactly which keys to play to play that chord, and I want to be able to do this. 
			- I w want to talk to another musicial about what to join in on, I can describe ti with this knowedge
			- I learned more about the tennor and alto clefts. 
				- doing this helped me a lot
	- unimportant:
		- it's not fun
		- what is useful about this? I can't see what doing this can help with
		- can't help you create music 

- [ ]  what was hard and what was easy, was it hard or easy?
	- Hard:
		- takes for ever
		- boring
		- I'd rather be doing other things
		- I'd rather be playing the songs I want to play and practice them
	- Easy:
		- I know how to read sheet music
		- I know all ideas like interavals and how to count
- [ ] look into the claim about muscle mass and visualisation
	- [[Visualisation and Physical Training]]
## 🎯 Goals and 📬 Inbox
**Today** 
- [x] find a spot to picnic in the car with the family. 
- [ ] supermarket shopping
- [ ] send matt some thoughts of recent learnings about LLMs
- [ ] Start thinking about what is the best way to educate Dylan to cover the bits that he has to do to do what he will be good at. 
- [ ] buy some containers for meal prep
- [ ] fix the draft in the kitchen window somehow
- [ ] meal prep the tofu salad
## 📅 Scheduled
- 👇 Check the below for things that might be scheduled else-where 

# 📝 Due/  Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before tomorrow) OR (scheduled before tomorrow)
short mode
```



