---
id: Daily
aliases:
  - daily template
tags:
  - template
  - daily
---

# 📅 Thursday 2025-01-30 in [[2025-W05]] of [[2025 January]]

## 🎯 Today

### @🏭

### @🏡

## ⏩ Next

## ✨ Now


## 📓 Log

- [x] check in on the game completion list
- [x] shut the chickens in for the night
- [x] 23:59 tidy up plans form tomorrow.
- [x] make lunch for the kids for [[2025-01-31]]
  - [x] cooked rice. Make the sushi tomorrow when the rice is cooller
  - [x] cut the fruit
  - [x] boil the edamame
  - [x] [[Lil]] can have fried rice
- [x] settle the kids in for the night
- [x] compare supermarket list on todoist vs list today
  - [x] Tomatoes
  - [x] Salad Veg
  - [x] Bread
  - [x] Cheese
  - [x] Milk
  - [x] Lunchbox Snacks
- [x] 19:41 started a note on the [[Pantry|pantry]] maybe #sidetracked. I think I should get my thinking down pat about how to organise the pantry.
- 19:26 #note, it was pretty helpful to get obsidian Copilot to review my plans as per the notes in: [[Getting Gemini to Help Untangle My Current Circumstance]]
- [x] 19:25 setup [[Obsidian]] Copilot AI assistant, seems like a good tool to experiment with
- [x] 19:12 time make dinner
  - #journal had no water for cooking dinner. City Care is fixing a water main again from to top of cobra street. They could have at least given us some little warning about it.
- [x] 17:49 go through `checkheath` on super-tofu and fix [[Neovim]] issues
- [x] 17:17 Update and Document the process for updating the data in the [[Enviroflow Data Reports]] Spreadsheet

  - [x] 14:47 Fetch and Update the Labour Table
    - [x] finish mapping labour record to to projects
    - [x] 13:54 #sidetracked map telescope undo to a key
    - [x] 13:56 #sidetracked push the changes to the dotfiles repo
  - [x] Fetch and Update the Cost Table
    - [x] write down the process
  - [x] identify the report scope projects and add it to the database.
    - [x] write down the process

- #journal #note [[Dylan]] needs to be at [[Christchurch South]] on a regular school day before 8:30 [[2025-01-31]]:
- [x] 13:25 Do `checkhealth` for neovim setup, on the work computer. Seems like a few things aren't working.

  - #journal felt like it took a long time because of the guilt of this may possibly be just another #distraction too. But it didn't actually take that long, and it feels good to get the `OK` on almost every line in the interpreter.
  - [x] install luarocks
  - [x] install rust and cargo

- [x] WARNING _Neovim_ >= 0.11 is highly recommended, since it fixes some issues related to `vim.ui_attach`
- [x] WARNING Missing "neovim" npm (or yarn, pnpm) package.
  - ADVICE:
    - Run in shell: npm install -g neovim
- [x] install python provider for neovim

- [x] 13:07 Plan the rest of the day.
  - #sidetracked wanted to look at the neovim setup and make a shortcut for tomorrow's note. It was already setup.
  - [x] #sidetracked made avocado toast for me and Lil
  - [x] #sidetracked help load the couch onto the trailer for the folks who bought it.
  - [x] #sidetracked setup autosave on lose focus
    - [x] #sidetracked setup boarder of floating windows
    - 13:05 #journal [[Neovim]] it was kind of hard getting a consistent border in the things that float in lazy vim. Too separate silos of code
- [x] 11:14 setup for work
- [x] 11:38 setup the kids for their creative work.
  - [x] make toast for the kids
- [x] 9:20 - 10:30 Christchurch South Admission Day for Dylan

## 📜 Scheduled From Elsewhere

```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(text,this.file.name) and !completed and !checked
GROUP BY file.name
```
