---
id: Daily
aliases:
  - daily template
tags:
  - template
  - daily
---

# 📅 Monday 2025-01-27 in [[2025-W05]] of [[2025 January]]

## 🎯 Today

### @🧑‍🏭

**For Sanity**

- [ ] resolve Syncthing Clashes in my notes

### @🏡

- [ ] Finish the Studio Tidy-us
- [ ] Get back into sleep diary
  - [ ] copy the [[20 Areas/Health/Sleep Diary]] template files into my notes as attachments
  - [ ] setup a convenient place to do the sleep tracking

## ✨ Now


## 📓 Log

- [x] settle the kids for bed
- [x] eat dinner
- [x] 19:58 cook dinner
- [x] Update [[Enviroflow Data Reports]] December Data for the Reports spreadsheet
  - [x] 1. Update Projects
    - [x] update the data
    - [x] 15:24 make explicit the steps for updating the projects table
  - [x] 2. Fetch an Update the Sales Table
    - [x] update the data
    - [x] make explicit the steps for updating the sales table
- #journal having a coffee really late today, not sure how it will affect my sleep
- [x] 15:31 update the [[Enviroflow Data Reports]] note, I need it to better organize my work, given that it is the my main task at the moment
- 14:50 #journal, it's almost 3. I am not sure if I have achieved anything I wanted to do today. Took a walk with Paul and Kerry and Ruth, which was nice did the below. Recalled some of the steps of of how I used to put together the reports, and took part of step 1. But it's a bit too little output for a whole morning.
  - [x] 14:40 #this_month There is a new Mirror function for Trello Cards, look into it and see whether it's better than doing dupes [[Enviroflow]]
    - [x] it actually sucks. Doesn't actually do much, just has the url as the name of the card
    - [~] Gather talking points
- [x] 13:24 Tell Paul about Thursday
- 12:07 still procrastinating:
  - [x] looking at [[3D Printers]] think it comes down to between the Bambu Labs A1 Mini, and Creality Ender 3 V3 SE, and the consensus seems to be that the A1-Mini is better
- [x] 10:24 #sidetracked, queued a bunch of Youtube videos to watch. I think I am addicted to Youtube
  - is it just #procrastination ? I think I need to meditate on this kind of things a bit more. #question Why do I procrastinate?
  - #journal I seem to be dreading a few things, if I can get over the dread, I think my life will flow a lot more smoother
- [x] 10:05 plan the day / week
  - #note Decided I should do December and January reports first. Will Feel a lot better to get that out of the way. I think I should go with that good feeling seeking way. Good long term feeling is a good motivator  

## 📜 Scheduled From Elsewhere

```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(text,this.file.name) and !completed and !checked
GROUP BY file.name
```
