---
id: Daily
aliases:
  - daily template
tags:
  - template
  - daily
---

# 📅 Thursday 2025-02-06 in [[2025-W06]] of [[2025 February]]

## 🎯 Today

### @🏡

- [ ] clear the flavour pantry, it's not helping me think
  - [ ] find a home for tapioca starch

## ⏩ Next

- [ ]

## ✨ Now

## 📓 Log

- [x] [[20 Areas/Shopping/Shopping]] find a short data capable USB C cable with a kinks on both side for the Velcro Laptop setup #noted_at 14:14
- [x] Plan Trip to Wellington with [[Lil]] [[Ting So]] and [[Krystal]].
  - [[Lil]]  booked the accommodation.
- [x] Reset the kitchen
- [x] finish the episode of S.A.S rogue heroes I've started watching earlier
- #journal I can't believe how much more I am enjoying using this laptop ([[Asus Vivo Book 14 Pro]]) on its own without
- [x] shower
- [x] have a whisky
- [x] add to [[20 Areas/Shopping/Shopping]] list - Nori
- [x] clear tabs
  - [x] closed only the things that seem to imply further actions, still keen to watch the videos.
- [x] Eat dinner
- [x] order a cable for the laptop valcro keyboard setup
- [x] use magic sponge to remove the Turmeric stains #noted_at 14:27
  - [[Lil]] already did this while I was cooking
- [x] 20:10 make daikon cake
  - [x] grate daikon
  - [x] make slurry
  - [x] precook in wok
  - [x] steam
- [x] 20:09 cook dinner
  - [x] 18:50 rough plan
  - [x] fried tofu
    - [x] prep
  - [ ] stir-fry vege meat strip
    - [x] prep
  - [x] crispy nori
    - [x] prep
  - [x] stir-fry zucchini
    - [x] prep
- [x] Mow the Front Lawn
- [x] make spherical ice
- [x] What will happen to the restoration of of google phones if Lil restore a google phone
- [x] get rid off the plastic draws that have been sitting in the car port for ages
- [x] cook lunch
- 17:10 #journal finally got lunch cooking done the chickens I feel so demoralised.
  - [x] cook ma's vege
  - [x] 16:52 eat lunch
  - [x] 16:49 make and eat zucchini lentil fritters
    - 16:10 #journal [[Lil]]'s first comment on these fritters was 'I hate fritters'. My emotional reaction was utter disappointment. #ADHD. I feel like I can't function sometimes. It is so painful and randomly painful.
  - [x] make mushroom toasty for [[Dylan]]
  - [x] make toasted sourdough for [[Luca]]
  - [x] #sidetracked sanitise [[Lil]]'s menstrual cup'
- 15:46 #journal super hungry now. Still have not finished cooking lunch #ADHD so many sidetracks I am not even sure what I am doing any more
- [x] fix obsidian keyboard short cut that is wrong.
- [x] 14:09 add a keyboard shortcut for toggling co-pilot in [[Neovim]]
- [~] figure out a way to reload the [[Neovim]] configs.
  - #note apparently it's too hard, just have to restart, maybe with a session manager.
- [x] 13:44 try using Velcro to fix the mechanical keyboard in place
  - #journal I can't believe it works as well as it does. The dimensions mash up perfectly.
- 13:30 #journal, have been meaning to get
- [x] #idea 12:19 [[Luca]] wants to Learn the Violin or the [[Ukulele]] I think I should learn how to play it and teach him. I am very sure I can stay ahead of his progress. Come up with a [[10 Projects/plan to teach luca ukulele]]

## 📜 Scheduled From Elsewhere

```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(text,this.file.name) and !completed and !checked
GROUP BY file.name
```
