---
id: Daily
aliases:
  - daily template
tags:
  - template
  - daily
---

# 📅 Saturday 2025-02-08 in [[2025-W06]] of [[2025 February]]

## 🎯 Today

> [!NOTE] Keep Calm and Carry On
> I have feeling a bit overwhelmed this week. I think it's

### @🏡

- [ ] setup school apps for Dylan's school
- [ ] #sidetracked setup better tiling for the KDE desktop on [[Super-Tofu]]
- [ ] take off the casters under the art station in the [[20 Areas/House & Home/Study]], so it can fit under the table.

## ⏩ Next

## ✨ Now

## 📓 Log

- 20:31 #journal Ma and Ba came by to drop off some vegetables, I think it's good to have some visitors
  - [x] call ma and ba about taking them to the airport
  - [x] Mow the Back Lawn, don't think I can get around to the other garden tasks today.
  - [x] setup the wireless charger in the lounge
- [x] #sidetracked get rid of the secure http warning on the browser on this computer
- #journal feeling so exhausted.  
- [x] 19:09 cook dinner
  - Cooked Miso Corn Butter Noodles. Turns out this is one of a very few things that the whole family really likes should go into the [[Meal_Plan|Meal Plan]] rotations
- [x] #sidetracked scrub the cook top
  - actually pretty grimy, needed to use Jif to get it clean, letting the Jif sit and  
- [x] #sidetracked move the switch to [[20 Areas/House & Home/Study]]
- [x] cook afternoon snacks for [[Dylan]] and [[Luca]]
- [x] 15:30 reset kitchen
  - [x] prep the mock meat that has been soaked.
  - [x] clear sink
  - [x] clear bench top
  - [x] wash the wok and pan
  - [x] wipe down the cook top
  - [x] #sidetracked clear the recycling bin
  - [x] #sidetracked clear the compost bin
  - [x] #sidetracked clean and disinfect the compost bin
  - [x] #sidetracked move the switch charging dock to the [[20 Areas/House & Home/Study]]
- [x] 14:31 get started with planning the [[2025 Renovation]]
  - The scope of this task was too big. The kind of listing out of things that I wanted to do would have taken another couple of hours at least, continue and finish another time. Need to get on other stuff
  - [x] list the jobs
  - [x] go over the list with [[Lil]]
- [x] 11:09 cook food for the family
  - [x] butter toast for [[Luca]]
  - [x] radish cake for [[Lil]]
  - [x] fried rice for [[Dylan]]
  - [x] carrot sticks
  - [x] use up the left over for a sandwich

- [x] 10:15 get setup for the day
  - [x] make coffee ☕️
  - [x] review yesterday's journal
  - [x] review this weeks goals
  - [x] #sidetracked, synced my LazyVim configs from the laptop to [[Super-Tofu]].
  - [x] #sidetracked setup monkey type on [[Super-Tofu]]

- #journal the Deepseek hype thing is a little bit hypey. the 8B model is still pretty unreliable with getting quality results

## 📜 Scheduled From Elsewhere

```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(text,this.file.name) and !completed and !checked
GROUP BY file.name
```
