---
aliases:
  - "Thursday 2026-01-22"
full_date: "Thursday 2026-01-22"
---

# 📅 Thursday 2026-01-22 in [[Week/2026-W04]] of [[00 Periodic/Month/2026 January]]

## 🖋️ Log / Day Plan

- [x] 9:00 - 9:15 wake-up
- [x] 9:15 - 9:40 make food for kids and take meds
- [x] 9:45 - 10:10 Get to Hornby and chekck out what's left of EB games there.
- [x] 10:10 - 11:20 Supermarket Shopping, checked out the microwaves at farmers
- [x] 11:20 - 11:40 check out the microwaves at Noel Leeming
- [x] 11:40 - 12:00 get home
- [x] 12:14 - 12:40 Reset, and calm my brain with some writing and noting
	- \#journal 12:04 [[Jojo]] is coming over soon. I am feeling feeling quite panicky about the way things are for some reason, with respect to life. I feel like everything is half finished, started but in a mess and the amount of work that I need to do to get to a point where I am satisfied with the state of things is way beyond what I think I am capable of. The thought may be wrong headed but It's a thought that nevertheless bugs me to no end. My inability to get to a place where I feel ok with my present moment, given what my past and future looks like.  I do have a strange anxiety about the
- [x] 13:30 - 13:40 Create and offer some activities for [[Jojo]] and [[Luca]] that limits their screen time which they will just fall into
- [x] 14:00 - 14:30 Get started on the Dao corner
	- I have been feeling seriously guilty about this, glad that I have finally got back to it
- [x] #task 13:54 - 16:45  Think through and untangle my overwhelm ➕ 2026-01-22 ✅ 2026-01-22
	- #journal  Feeling overwhelmed by the task, just taking a moment to reflect on that. with respect to [[Food]] I still feel hungry but feeling like I shouldn't eat, because I am back to gaining weight. My late [[Sleep]] last night didn't really help. With respect to the actual task there is probably 2 things that I am forcibly doing that has made me feel this why that I should take note of, instead of just ignoring:2026-01-22
		- firstly: I firmly feel like I should get putting the groceries away out of the way, so I can get onto the stuff that I actually want to do right now. Which is to get my information systems into order so I can offload my monkey brain and reduce the panic. Conventional wisdom points at just getting the Groceries out of the way, but my constant overwhelm points at organizing the information and the environment
			- #reframe as of right now, I am absolutely a free man, I can decide what to do, If that's what I need to do to function, then so be it, conventional wisdom be damnned. I don't have to justify myself. [[Lil]] asks me questions about these things, but I am aware what the pertinent path but if it's not a path I can take and be happy, it's probably better that I take another path that lifts me up a bit doing other things that are important for me. Like having a functional place to offload the overwhelm
			- - Secondly: The kitchen space right now is making me feel quite anxious itself. Nothing is quite working in the places I need to be. e.g.
			- the fridge is a nuthouse without enough storage nore organisation
				- #reframe I can make it work with just what we've got, it's not ideal but don't let that get to you.
			- [[Luca]] and [[Jojo]] are playing in there, and I can't help but worry for that, because they both have a lot of social anxiety it seems, and I don't want things to turn out bad in any ways bad for this playdate for either of them.
				- #reframe They are fine, they can be themselves. I am not sure why I am worried, it's good that they get to play like this, I have a bunch of snacks on the table and they have heaps of activities that they can do. I am worried about the screen time and such which isn't really a worry
			- I actually have latent ideas and todos about how I organize my kitchen and flow that I am really drawn to just do them, but as I am doing them, the scope of the work just keeps getting bigger and bigger.
				- #lreframe It's ok if I do these it's also ok if I don't. they don't all have to be in the foreground. Nothing really changes the stress about them is self imposed. I dont
			- I have so many half finished things in there that I need to tackle and I keep being drawn to them and they are all piling up on my mind
				- \#reframe just list them out, so they are not swirling around... Make yourself a commitment to look at these notes notes and make good decisions about them
			- I am worried about doing things wrong a lot. cooking and eating the wrong things, buying and thinking about the wrong dishes to cook, I think it weighs in on me too much
		- Thirdly: I feel quite overwhelmed about [[Cooking]] and [[Food]] right now, What I need to needs a lot of thinking but not simply about creating joyous food, which has been the main thing motivating my cooking for pretty much all this time. This makes being in the kitchen nothing like it was. I am trying to not make a mess, get organised, think about nutrition and what all of us will eat, worried about the amount of time I am spending there because there is just so many other things that I need to do. The rational thing is to just give up on the creative joy that I have with food because it seems like that is not related to what needs to happen at this [[Kitchen]] at [[Home]]
		- #journal 16:41 [[Lil]] tells me that I am probably over thinking all this, but I really don't know how to not do this.
- [x] #task 12:40 - 14:40 Eat some food ➕ 2026-01-22 ✅ 2026-01-22
	- didn't eat enough but don't feel like I should eat anymore
	- [x] started unpacking a tofu, but massively sidetracked. should just eat it now with the left over lettuce
		- This as not a good meal... almost can't even finish
		- Don't feel satisfied, but actually quite full. bugga.
- [x] #task 12:40 - 17:00 Break down Kitchen tasks ➕ 2026-01-22 ✅ 2026-01-22
- #note[[Meals]] [[Lil]] like: Salad greens with toasted Thai fish cakes, mayo, sriracha with purple rice. 

## **⌛✨ Now👇**  / **🚦Started**
- [ ] Set [[Lil]] up for Movie night before going to the Gig
	- [ ] 
- [ ] 17:30 update [[Things I did after installing Omarchy]]  on this computer
- [x] #task 12:30  Get the kitchen into order: ➕ 2026-01-22 ✅ 2026-01-30
	- [x] reorganize the noodle box
	- [x] put the left over dal away
	- [x] #task prep  and serve pomello ➕ 2026-01-22 ✅ 2026-01-24
	- [ ] make tea for Lil 
	- [ ] refill the tomato sauce
	- [ ] clear counter top cleandishes
	- [ ] empty the stuff out of bags and into clear to see containers
	- [x] #task Put the Groceries Away ➕ 2026-01-22 ✅ 2026-01-24
	- [ ] Fix the TVP mince
	- [ ] wash the dishes
	- [ ] clean the bench top
	- [ ] clean the stove
	- [ ] give chickens the leftovers
- [ ] make burger for [[Luca]]
***

## 🎯 Today's Goals and Plans
- [x] Top up chicken feed
- [x] Clear the [[Carport]] 
	- [x] Move [[Luca]]'s bike into the [[Garage]]
	- [x] move the [[Honda Odyssey]] a bit further to the right. It should be like this, as the cement wall side is a bit more sheltered
	- [ ] put up sports gear basket and put the sports gear there so they are easier to reach for the kids
	- [ ] Move the pavers way to the back
- [x] Get back into journalling, [[Note Taking]] and planning with [[Obsidian]]
	- It's the best software option for me right now. I just need to be satisfied with my setup and built my practice around what it currently is
	- [ ] write out my thoughts about [[Note Taking]]
	- [ ] Make explicit the features I like about Obsidian
- [x] #task 20:00 attend Noah's gig and Catchup with [[Hannah]] and Co. ➕ 2026-01-22 🛫 2026-01-22 ✅ 2026-01-30

---
## 📥 Todos Noted
- [ ] #task Setup this computer and #note everything down in [[Things I did after installing Omarchy]] ⛔ zzkq82 ➕ 2026-01-22 ⏳ 2026-01-23
	- [ ] Install [[Pinyin]] input for [[Traditional Chinese]]
	- [ ] change to the screen saver time out
	- [ ] [[Syncthing]] 
		- [ ] Connect to the [[Homelab]]
		- [ ] Connect to [[Super-Tofu]]
	- [ ] Learn [[Ghostty]]
		- [ ] Start a proper config
		- [ ] learn and note down what it can do. 
	- [ ] have a proper look at [try](https://github.com/tobi/try)
- [ ] Get Brasso from [[Sunbeam Place]] to polish the lamp  
# 📝 Due/  Scheduled Tasks Not Done
```tasks
not done
(due before yesterday) OR (scheduled before tomorrow)
short mode
```